New modern telegraph network "PROMETHEUS":
a second life into primitive technical means of communication!
Allows you to accomplish more where Morse telegraph code works.

The merits of the new method:
1) The method is easy to master and use in practice - it is dozens of times easier than mastering Morse code.
2) Error-free (everything in the world is relative, errors are also possible here, but with significantly lower probability than in Morse code) message reception.
3) Significantly greater coverage (about 25 times the area in line of sight or 5 times the distance) by the same transmitter compared to conventional Morse code. Or, for the same range as morse code, you can use about 25 times less transmitter power (cheap technique - QRP or QRPP) if the receiver on the other side is the same.
4) If the power of the transmitter is reduced by 25 times, batteries with 25 times less current for the transmitter will be required. This means cheaper batteries. It should be taken into account that even so, the current consumption of the battery will be 5 times less than in the case of conventional "morse code". This means that the battery will be able to give about 2 times more energy than at high discharge currents (for example, salt batteries have a higher capacity than alkaline batteries, but, at the same time, are not suitable for high currents: they give a very small capacity and have to be thrown away; any battery, not only salt batteries at low currents gives a significantly higher capacity). Thus, in fact, replacing Morse code with this system saves 10 times the weight of batteries. And, if we translate it into money, buying nicot batteries instead of high-current batteries, we can buy twice as much capacity for the same money. I.e. batteries will be cheaper up to 20 times for transmitting the same message! Also, it is possible to connect the transmitter directly to a cheaper solar charger during the daytime (25 times smaller and lighter solar panel is required - if you do not take into account the consumption of the transmitter itself).  And this is very good especially when camping: smaller and lighter transmitter and batteries (or solar panel).
5) You can use a significantly cheaper receiver (with lower sensitivity and weight) for the mobile device (while the opponent does not degrade his transmitter and receiver in the stationary).
6) If only tapping is used for communication - unlike Morse code, the «dash» does not need to be replaced by two taps. You just have to tap the same way you would tap a key - which is much more convenient.
7) The method allows you to use a non-binary system. This significantly speeds up and simplifies communication. If you, for example, use a trumpet, dudka or other musical instrument - using 8 notes (if the number of keys or holes is less - use combinations of two to get the missing number; it is most convenient if the number of keys or holes - 6 pieces - is enough for information, and to transmit 0 and 7 - use their combinations) or, in general, use whistling in 8 notes; flashlight, with 8 different colors (can be 3 RGB LEDs or 3 light filters for white color) or using light filters or paint 8 different light bulbs in different ts. - can be significantly simplified and increase the comfort of reception and transmission: it is enough, for example, between the desired notes to make a small pause for breath or to move a finger or hand to a new place. This method of transmission is not available for ordinary Morse code. But it is very convenient. However, the communication range is usually lower (but not always) than the binary method.
8) Possibility of transmitting a cipher message to an identified recipient.
9) Possibility to transmit an encrypted message to a group of recipients.
10) Use of events that allow short special (status and command) messages to be received from an identified sender and an identified receiver.
11) Mutual aid mechanism - a non-guaranteed mechanism, but one that allows for a significant increase in service area.
12) Construction of a real full-fledged network, similar to a trunking network - for convenient communication of many users.
13) The method lends itself well to automation (and, even, mechanization ). Unlike Morse code.
